Move isEnabled and isSchedulingEnabled  proeprties from Workflow to WorkflowBase (#18388)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/identitygovernance-workflowbase.md

|description|String|A string that describes the purpose of the workflow.|
|displayName|String|A string to identify the workflow. |
|executionConditions|[microsoft.graph.identityGovernance.workflowExecutionConditions](../resources/identitygovernance-workflowexecutionconditions.md)|Defines when and for who the workflow will run.|

> |isEnabled|Boolean|If true, the `workflow` engine creates and processes `taskProcessingResults` on the users scoped to the workflow. <br><br>Supports `$filter`(`eq`,`ne`) and `orderby`.|
> |isSchedulingEnabled|Boolean|If true, the `workflow` engine executes the workflow on the schedule defined by tenant settings. |

Reviewer: Clarity on descriptions. Are these technically accurate?
```suggestion
|isEnabled|Boolean| Whether the workflow is enabled or disabled. If this setting is `true`, the workflow can be run on demand or on schedule when **isSchedulingEnabled** is `true`. <br><br>Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `orderBy`.|
|isSchedulingEnabled|Boolean|If `true`, the Lifecycle Workflow engine executes the workflow based on the schedule defined by tenant settings. Cannot be `true` for a disabled workflow (where **isEnabled** is `false`). |
```

Author: This is really good feedback. I have implemented the suggested change and updated the branch/PR.
